Changes to satisify https://github.com/ledgersmb/LedgerSMB/issues/4751 (#50)
ledgersmb/ledgersmb-dev-docker: README.md

4. Make sure you can login, setup a new company, create customers, etc.
5. Decide where you local work repository is going to reside. If your running GUI tools in the same machine as when you executed:

	```bash
	# Clone the LedgerSMB git master repository
	git clone https://github.com/ledgersmb/LedgerSMB.git
	```
Then you are good to go.  If your are running the Docker image on a server or virtual machine without GUI tools then you will need to clone your LedgerSMB repository someplace where you can more easily edit it.
6. Shutdown the docker images. `../ldd/lsmb-dev master down`
6. Change the source of the code from the main LedgerSMB repository to your own repository. To do this re-execute the commands as described above, but change the cline command to point to your repository as in:

	```bash
	# Clone your new Github LedgerSMB git master repository
	git clone https://github.com/<your Github account name>/LedgerSMB.git
	```
	This easily done by just deleting the original clone directory and recloning it with your repository.
7. Restart the docker containers.

	```bash
	# Start the docker containers
	../ldd/lsmb-dev master pull
	../ldd/lsmb-dev master up -d
	```

> 8. Now any changes you make to the git repository where you did `git clone https://github.com/<your Github account name>/LedgerSMB.git` will take effect whenever you issue `../ldd/lsmb-dev master pull`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
8. Now any changes you make to the git repository where you did `git clone https://github.com/<your Github account name>/LedgerSMB.git` will automatically reload the LedgerSMB service so they take effect almost instantly upon saving of changed files.
```

Reviewer: @neilt Thanks for these additions! There's just one thing I think that needs correction. The rest looks good.
